[Spanmetrics] Add events_total metric to get the measurement for list of configured event attributes for a span (#27811)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: connector/spanmetricsconnector/README.md

- `metrics_flush_interval` (default: `15s`): Defines the flush interval of the generated metrics.
- `exemplars`:  Use to configure how to attach exemplars to histograms
  - `enabled` (default: `false`): enabling will add spans as Exemplars.

> - `events`: Use to configure if events metric should be enabled. events_total metric can be configured when you want to get the metrics for different attributes configured as Events for a span.
>   - `enabled`: (default: `false`): enabling will add events metric
>   - `dimensions`: the list of event attributes for a span that needs to be added as dimensions to events metric 

Reviewer: I was having trouble understanding the second sentence. 

I suggest keeping it simple for now, but please let me know if there's something you'd like to express something that isn't already captured in these 3 lines.
```suggestion
- `events`: Use to configure the events metric.
  - `enabled`: (default: `false`): enabling will add the events metric.
  - `dimensions`: (mandatory if `enabled`) the list of the span's event attributes to add as dimensions to the events metric, which will be included _on top of_ the common and configured `dimensions` for span and resource attributes.
```
